add consul integration docs (#2621)
fluxninja/aperture: docs/content/integrations/consul/consul.md

installed with `DaemonSet` mode and is installed in the `aperture-agent`
namespace, which makes the target service name `aperture-agent` and namespace
`aperture-agent`. If you are running the Aperture Agent in Sidecar mode, use
`localhost` as the target address.

1. As the
   [External Authorization](https://developer.hashicorp.com/consul/docs/v1.17.x/connect/proxies/envoy-extensions/usage/ext-authz)
   and
   [OpenTelemetry Access Logging](https://developer.hashicorp.com/consul/docs/v1.17.x/connect/proxies/envoy-extensions/usage/otel-access-logging)
   support gRPC, the below Service Defaults configures the protocol of the
   Aperture Agent to gRPC.

   ```yaml
   apiVersion: consul.hashicorp.com/v1alpha1
   kind: ServiceDefaults
   metadata:
     name: aperture-agent
     namespace: aperture-agent
   spec:
     protocol: grpc
   ```

2. The below Service Defaults adds
   [OpenTelemetry Access Logging](https://developer.hashicorp.com/consul/docs/v1.17.x/connect/proxies/envoy-extensions/usage/otel-access-logging)
   Envoy Extension for the outbound listener, in the Consul Proxy running with
   the application.

>    The Open Telemetry configuration in the following has extracted values, which

Author: ```suggestion
   The OpenTelemetry configuration in the following has extracted values, which
```

   required: true
   arguments:
     listenerType: outbound
     config:
       attributes:
         aperture.source: "envoy"
         aperture.check_response: "%DYNAMIC_METADATA(envoy.filters.http.ext_authz:aperture.check_response)%"
         http.status_code: "%RESPONSE_CODE%"
         authz_duration: "%DYNAMIC_METADATA(envoy.filters.http.ext_authz:ext_authz_duration)%"
         BYTES_RECEIVED: "%BYTES_RECEIVED%"
         BYTES_SENT: "%BYTES_SENT%"
         DURATION: "%DURATION%"
         REQUEST_DURATION: "%REQUEST_DURATION%"
         REQUEST_TX_DURATION: "%REQUEST_TX_DURATION%"
         RESPONSE_DURATION: "%RESPONSE_DURATION%"
         RESPONSE_TX_DURATION: "%RESPONSE_TX_DURATION%"
       body: "%REQ(:METHOD)%"
       logName: "egress"
       grpcService:
         target:
           service:
             name: aperture-agent
             namespace: aperture-agent
   ```

3. The below Service Defaults adds
   [OpenTelemetry Access Logging](https://developer.hashicorp.com/consul/docs/v1.17.x/connect/proxies/envoy-extensions/usage/otel-access-logging)
   Envoy Extension, but for the inbound listener, in the Consul Proxy running
   with the application.

>    The Open Telemetry configuration in the following has extracted values, which

Author: ```suggestion
   The OpenTelemetry configuration in the following has extracted values, which
```

           - key: control-point
             value: "egress"
   ```

5. The below Service Defaults adds
   [External Authorization](https://developer.hashicorp.com/consul/docs/v1.17.x/connect/proxies/envoy-extensions/usage/ext-authz)
   Envoy Extension, but for the inbound listener, in the Consul Proxy running
   with the application.

   The External Authorization extension forwards the request to the Aperture
   Agent instance using gRPC with a timeout of `0.25s`, having `ingress` value
   for key `control-point` metadata included in the streams initiated to the
   gRPC service. The extension will accept the client request even if the
   communication with the authorization service has failed, or if the
   authorization service has returned an HTTP 5xx error.

   ```yaml
   name: builtin/ext-authz
   required: true
   arguments:
     listenerType: inbound
     config:
       statPrefix: ext_authz
       timeout: 0.25s
       grpcService:
         target:
           service:
             name: aperture-agent
             namespace: aperture-agent
         initialMetadata:
           - key: control-point
             value: "ingress"
   ```

## Installation {#installation}

> The complete Service Defaults configuration for the Consul Proxy running with

Author: We should mention it is example configuration.
